[protocol change 52] Increasing max_gas_burnt to 300 (#6221)
near/nearcore: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [unreleased]

> * increasing max_gas_burnt to 300, allowing larger transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* increasing max_gas_burnt from 200TGas to 300Tgas, allowing larger transactions.
```
